Parenthesized forwarded args in `Style/MethodCallWithArgsParentheses` `omit_parentheses` (#9637)
rubocop/rubocop: changelog/fix_parentheses_in_forwarded_args_for_style_method_call_with_args_parentheses.md

> * [#9627](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/issues/9627): Allow parentheses for forwarded args in `Style/MethodCallWithArgsParentheses`'s `omit_parentheses` style to avoid endless range ambiguity. ([@gsamokovarov][])

Reviewer: This looks like a typo :-)

```suggestion
* [#9637](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/9637): Allow parentheses for forwarded args in `Style/MethodCallWithArgsParentheses`'s `omit_parentheses` style to avoid endless range ambiguity. ([@gsamokovarov][])
```

Author: So I didn't predict it after all 😅. Thanks for noticing!
